{ "fact" : {"Credit Scores": "Often regarded as mysteriously calculated and mostly witchcraft, the elusive credit score is less of an enigma than it seems. A credit score is calculated by a credit bureau - the three most popular of which are TransUnion, Experian, and Equifax. These three will send you a free copy of your credit report once per year, which allows you to compare how they've scored you over the year. Each bureau weighs your actions differently, so your score may vary greatly across the board.",
              "Types of Banking Accounts": "There are several different types of bank accounts that you can open. The most common are Basic Checking Accounts, Savings Accounts, Interest-Bearing Checking Accounts, Money Market Accounts, CD’s, IRAs (investment retirement accounts), and Brokerage Accounts. Though there certainly are more, most are just variations on these seven. Checking accounts are for the everyday purchases and transactions and are meant to serve as a temporary holding place for your funds. Savings accounts are just that - they're meant for saving money to accrue interest. An Interest-Bearing account is similar to a savings account, but instead of compounding interest at a set date, these accounts only begin to accrue interest at a certain threshold, though at a high rate. Money Market accounts function the same as Savings Accounts, but they often have higher interest rates and higher minimum balances. A CD (Certificate of Deposit) is an agreement between you and your bank. In exchange for using your money for a time, you receive a higher interest rate on these funds. However, these funds cannot be withdrawn until the certificate expires. An IRA is a form of retirement plan and withdraws an allotted amount of money from your gross income each month to go towards your retirement. A Brokerage Account is the most unique of the seven. This is an agreement between you and a broker, who effectively uses your money to earn you both profit from the stock market."} }
